inital stab at description (#10)
cityofaustin/odd: _jobs/positions/__QA-testing-engineer.md

---
title: QA Testing & Automation Engineer
is_fellow: true
lever_link:
position: 1

> lede_markdown: We’re looking for skilled manager and mentor to lead engineering practices for City of Austin’s Design, Technology, and Innovation Fellows program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lede_markdown: We’re looking for a skilled manager and mentor to lead engineering practices for City of Austin’s Office of Design and Delivery.
```

Author: Oh this description is leftover copy from the engineering lead position. :-D

Author: @srigdon do you have a suggestion for summary copy of this position?

Reviewer 2: What about: 

We're looking for a skilled quality assurance engineer to collaborate with the City of Austin’s Office of Design and Delivery on incorporating effective testing practices into every development cycle. If you're interested in delivering services that meet and adapt with residents' needs, read on and apply!

---

## Overview

> We are looking for an experienced, skilled and passionate QA Testing & Automation professional who will help streamline our QA process for current and future projects ensuring timely and frequent release schedules without compromising on quality and accessibility for Austin residents.

Reviewer 2: We are looking for an experienced, skilled, and passionate QA Testing & Automation professional to help streamline our QA process for current and future projects. The person in this role will ensure timely and frequent release schedules without compromising on quality and accessibility for Austin residents.

> We are looking for an experienced, skilled and passionate QA Testing & Automation professional who will help streamline our QA process for current and future projects ensuring timely and frequent release schedules without compromising on quality and accessibility for Austin residents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are looking for an experienced, skilled, and passionate QA Testing & Automation professional to help streamline our QA process for current and future projects. The person in this role will ensure timely and frequent release schedules without compromising on quality and accessibility for Austin residents.
```

> We are looking for a skilled and passionate QA Testing & Automation expert. As our project load increases, we are increasingly in need of a point person to help streamline our QA process for current and future projects to ensure we stick to a timely and frequent release schedule without compromising on quality and accessibility for Austin residents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking for an experienced, skilled and passionate QA Testing & Automation professional who will help streamline our QA process for current and future projects ensuring timely and frequent release schedules without compromising on quality and accessibility for Austin residents.
```

> This pivotal position has the potential to leverage impact inside our organization and across the city services. The candidate will be instrumental in shaping the future of digital, accessible, and equitable city services. We're looking for someone passionate, creative, resourceful, civic-minded and impact-driven. This may involve a wide range of activities, from helping solidify existing QA, testing, and release protocols to helping write or review unit tests and set up cross-browser testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This vital position has the potential to create positive change inside our organization and across City of Austin services. The person in this role will be instrumental in shaping the future of digital, accessible, and equitable city services. We're looking for someone passionate, creative, resourceful, civic-minded, and impact-driven. This may involve a wide range of activities, from helping solidify existing QA, testing, and release protocols to helping write or review unit tests and set up cross-browser testing.
```

> This is a position of tremendous importance that has the potential for large impact inside our organization and across the city services. You will be an active, creative participant in shaping the future of these practices. We're looking for someone passionate and creative about making the best use of our people and resources to deliver the most impact. This could involve a wide range of activities, from helping solidify existing QA, testing, and release protocols to helping write or review unit tests and set up cross browser testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pivotal position has the potential to leverage impact inside our organization and across the city services. The candidate will be instrumental in shaping the future of digital, accessible, and equitable city services. We're looking for someone passionate, creative, resourceful, civic-minded and impact-driven. This may involve a wide range of activities, from helping solidify existing QA, testing, and release protocols to helping write or review unit tests and set up cross-browser testing.
```

Author: + 100 points for alliteration  !

## Salary

$75,000-$86,000, commensurate with experience

## What you’ll do:

* Take the lead in collaborating to build and maintain effective testing practices when appropriate, including:

>   * Unit test design and implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Designing and implementing unit tests
```

>   * Evaluation of test coverage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Evaluating test coverage
```

>   * Designing and implementing unit tests. 

Reviewer 3: Interested in y'alls opinion on this one. While it would be great to have someone in QA that could write unit tests, i think there is a chance that the best candidates for many of these tasks won't have that on their radar. Whether developers write unit tests or the QA person does it seems like should be up for debate. Also, if its on there and a great QA automation engineer that is female reviews this, they are more likely not to apply.

I recommend something more generic like "Design and implement QA strategies that ensure automation for unit testing, integration testing, etc are used appropriately to ensure high quality and efficient applications."??? Thoughts?

Reviewer 4: Eric and I talked about this. Given the size of our dev team and our bandwidth limitations, we really need a QA person who can write unit tests. But we're hopeful that a coding requirement wouldn't limit our candidate pool significantly. From Eric's and my experience, it isn't unusual for a QA engineer to also write unit tests.

>   * Automated browser testing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Setting up automated browser testing
```

>   * Participate in collaborative code reviews with the rest of development staff

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Participating in code reviews with the rest of development staff
```

> * Serve as a core contributor on multi-disciplinary project teams to improve city services

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Serve as a core contributor on multi-disciplinary project teams to improve city services. 
```

* Contribute to Open Source Software projects using Github for collaboration and code review. For a flavor of our current stack, we maintain projects that use:

>     * React.js (Javascript), Python (Django), Node.js, Jekyll (Ruby), Apollo & GraphQL, Docker, Heroku, AWS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * React.js (Javascript), Python (Django), Node.js, Jekyll (Ruby), Apollo & GraphQL, Docker, Heroku, and AWS.
```

> * Verify that new features/stories/bug fixes are articulated with testing in mind

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Verify that new features, stories, and bug fixes are articulated with testing in mind. 
```

> * Be an advocate for testability early in the process of determining user stories and project requirements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Be an advocate for testability early in the process of determining user stories and project requirements. 
```

> * Assist in scoping and prototyping activities for future design and development projects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Assist in scoping and prototyping activities for future design and development projects. 
```

> * Work closely with your fellow developers as well as our content and design teams to understand new features and projects and how their development can be facilitated by robust and efficient QA

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Work closely with your fellow developers as well as content and design teams to understand new features and projects, watching out for ways their development can be facilitated by robust and efficient QA. 
```

> * Help manage product releases & related regression testing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Help manage product releases and related regression testing. 
```

> * Build and share knowledge of web standards and best practices related to testing and QA

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Build and share knowledge of web standards and best practices related to testing and QA. 
```

> * Engage with the wider web development community, identifying best practices we can adopt and sharing our experiences

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Engage with the wider web development community, identifying best practices we can adopt and sharing what we're learning. 
```

> * Commit to making what we build fully accessible to the people we serve

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Commit to making what we build fully accessible to the people we serve.
```

## What we're looking for

> * A passion for public service and a commitment to doing the hard work that’s necessary to improve city services

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A passion for public service and a commitment to doing the hard work that’s necessary to improve city services. 
```

> * 3+ years of professional experience developing large-scale applications and services, including at least 2 years of experience directly with testing, QA, and automation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 3+ years of professional experience developing large-scale applications and services, including at least 2 years of direct experience with testing, QA, and automation. 
```

> * Knowledge and experience with testing frameworks in Javascript and Python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Knowledge of or experience with testing frameworks in Javascript and Python. 
```

> * Knowledge and experience with browser testing frameworks such as Selenium or Cypress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Knowledge of or experience with browser testing frameworks such as Selenium or Cypress. 
```

> * Knowledge of lean and agile development methodologies, including expertise in teaching when and how to use specific specific approaches and deliverables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Knowledge of lean and agile development methodologies, including expertise in teaching when and how to use specific specific approaches and deliverables. 
```

Reviewer 3: I think we can remove the part about teaching when to use them. knowledge of is enough for this role.

> * Ability to establish processes that recognize, value, and include different perspectives, experiences, approaches, and cultures to achieve organizational goals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ability to establish processes that recognize, value, and include different perspectives, experiences, approaches, and cultures to achieve organizational goals. 
```

> * Ability to gain and maintain the trust of project stakeholders

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ability to gain and maintain the trust of project stakeholders. 
```

> * Ability and interest in cultivating long-term testing & automation best practices into our development workflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Interest in incorporating long-term testing and automation best practices into our development workflow. 
```

## Minimum qualifications

> *   Two years of relevant work experience

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   Two years of relevant work experience. 
```

> *   Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in a related field. An additional 4 years of experience can substitute this education requirement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in a related field. An additional four years of experience can substitute this education requirement.
```
